Hi there! Welcome to
this video, where we
are going to learn
about what it means
to be resilient in
digital environments.
The goal of the
presentation is to
help you to
understand what
resilience is, and
things that you can
do to help yourself
to become more
resilient in digital
environments. In the
video, firstly, we
will look at what we
mean by resilience.
Then, we will look at
things we can do to
help us to become
more resilient.
According to the
dictionary,
resilience is the
ability to cope when
exposed to challenges
or things that cause
you to feel stressed.
Resilience allows
people to bounce back
by adapting to stress
in healthy ways. The
digital world can
sometimes expose us
to a number of
challenges such as
negative or hateful
comments, identity
theft and fraud, and
exclusion by others
on social media. This
can leave us feeling
sad, anxious, angry,
or a lot of different
emotions. We may also
feel a bit powerless
and not know what to
do. Sometimes we may
be able to handle the
challenges we face by
being resilient.
Resilience is a skill
, and we can learn
how to be resilient
and bounce forward
from these challenges
, get up, learn from
what you have
experienced, and move
forwards.
Step 1. Acknowledging
the challenge and, or
, stressor, and using
problem-solving
technique to resolve
the issue. It shows
wisdom to acknowledge
that there is a
challenge. This is a
good starting point
to solving the
challenge. Step 2.
Seeking support to
gain an alternative
viewpoint on the
issue. You can
sometimes solve
challenges on your
own. Other times it
can be wise to accept
that you need help
and to ask for help.
We can chat to
someone we trust,
like a parent or a
teacher, for help, or
call kids' helpline
for a chat. Step 3.
Implementing self
-care strategies.
Sometimes you can
find small things
that help you to calm
your thoughts and
feelings. This can
help you think more
clearly and be more
resilient. These are
called coping
strategies, or self
-care strategies. It
is wise to know what
helps you. What
little things help
you feel calmer? Some
examples of things
that people do to
help them to cope and
care for themselves
when facing
challenges are Draw,
play sport, slow
breathing, spend time
with a pet, listen to
music, sing, dance,
read a book, write in
a journal, help
someone else, gaming,
shower, sleep. Step 4
. Gain sufficient
distance from the
problem to alleviate
some of the pressure.
Sometimes it can be
wise to take a break
and do something that
you enjoy. This can
help you to get some
distance from the
challenge you are
facing. It can give
you a new perspective
and help you to feel
better. Step 5.
Recognizing that
everyone makes
mistakes. It can also
help to reflect over
the challenging
situation. Is there
something that you
can learn from the
situation? Is there
something positive
that you can take
from the experience
that may help you or
someone else in the
future? Thank you for
watching. Do not
forget to watch other
videos in our series.
Do not forget to
watch other videos in
the right videos.
There are very many
videos in theADAY.
Those are not good
things for you to see
. Do not forget to
watch other videos
asst.